their own input,
it's not like they'll tell that.
Oh.
Okay,
and then when they're testing or this one,
To try something.
they'll test it on the,
like they'll test it on the inputs that
we've told them the format or whatever
that we're trying to use.
Yeah,
like they said that they might ask
questions like, okay,
if the format input is like this,
then how will your product or like,
you know, react, but then.
They won't actually test it.
So if they do ask,
we don't have an answer for that, I know.
No.
Okay.
Just give me one second.
She told about the nature of the input,
like example,
if there is a very long meeting,
like expire 6 hours,
how well it is doing its job.
It told us to demonstrate that.
Yeah.
I am not audible.
Yes.
Yeah.
Do we have any idea about how we're going
to break the multi-topic meetings into
themes or whatever they said in the
problem statement?
Yeah.
So, for dividing into topics,
I think I have only seen about LLM.
Calling an LLM and dividing it into
topics.
Okay.
And there is no particular algorithm that
can perfectly do this, so we can use LLM.
Okay, okay.
No.
So...
I think one,
at least we should get a hint from the
meeting name, right?
A lot of times meetings have at least
Okay.
relevant names in order to further
classify the topics, right?
Meeting name, OK.
If it is useful, then we should have a,
we should use it, correct?
Like if it says that, okay, hey,
the meeting is going to be about this,
then at least you can get a rough idea
about what your meeting topics may be,
even before any discussion has actually
taken place.
Yeah, we can include that in our input,
but what if they ask why did you include
No.
in the in your input that you are already
providing something like the meeting is
Yeah.
No, no, so, so you can have a,
you can have a suppose,
going to be?
so like you can have like a whatever if
state. I mean,
There.
I I don't know how we'd actually code
this,
but suppose suppose the meeting name was
useful enough,
like suppose it's like 4:30 meeting,
then obviously don't use it as an input,
but suppose it had more depth.
to it, then we could probably use it,
right?
Yeah, yeah, using it is not a problem,
but who provided it?
S.
So if we provided that in our input,
what if they ask,
Oh, okay, like that. Got it, got it. Hmm,
understood, understood.
why did you provide that in the input?
Yeah.
So we have only the transcription to the
meeting itself, right?
Bing.
Maybe not other details about what time,
when, who was invited, things like that,
S.
MUM.
right?
Yeah, I know.
Okay, okay, good. Bye-bye.
And also, he asked to...
We can't try it.
Yeah, yeah, speak.
We can't write the whole transcript as
input and tell the LLM to classify
because the transcript would be too much.
Okay.
Yeah, so I like.
So,
so maybe our first step should be to
compress the no,
but compressing maybe you lose important
Okay.
Even though, even after, no, no,
even after, even after compressing,
stuff, right?
You might lose important information.
Yeah.
it might be too easy,
so we can do like a sliding with the kind
Okay.
Or we can do 2 passes.
of thing. We would extract the,
extract the points and check,
Ohh.
identify that.
MUM.
topic of discussion for those points and
store the topic of discussion somewhere.
And in the next upcoming thing,
we will cheque from the topic of
discussion if those points are related to
that thing. If nothing,
Okay, okay.
then we will create a newer topic.
Okay, so then, then in so.
Instead of having like a sliding window
of maybe a fixed size,
Yes.
you can just start from the top and then
you can work your way until the LLM can
figure out, okay, at least still here,
this is the point of whatever the
conversation or the transcript.
And as soon as we get one,
maybe we can put a,
we can resume from that point onwards to
the next.
Similarly,
until you get a next point of topic or
next point of conversation.
But like, how exactly would you demark it?
But.
When one topic ends and the other starts,
'cause like sometimes the...
No, you can't perfectly do that, right?
So when the LLM has enough confidence
Yeah.
that, okay, hey,
I've understood that this still here till
this point in the meeting,
they were probably talking about this.
At some point it'll gather enough
information.
No,
it can be like it can be like I will be
Team.
jumping to and throw towards two
different topics.
Can you repeat your voice?
No,
it can be that I would be jumping across
to Enterprise to a remote topic.
Ohh.
Oh, yeah, yeah, you could.
Ohh.
MUM.
So okay,
what do you guys think we should do then
here?
MUM.
Hello?
Yeah.
Yeah,
I'm thinking something like in compilers
we will do multi-pass optimization, right?
MUM.
Okay.
So maybe we will try the same here.
We will pass some context to the LLM in
one pass.
Until the end of the means by breaking it,
passing it multiple times until we reach
Okay.
MUM.
the end,
and maybe second time we will do the same
thing from another point or from the same
point somewhere like multi-pass.
Okay.
Yeah, that's one option.
Maybe on every pass we will try to
collect what is the gist of that context
and overall we can maybe try to collect
something.
Okay, just give me a second, I'll ask.
Yeah, the true dingy.
Okay, I asked, so it gave a couple of...
Okay, a transcript long sequence.
So.
You need to detect boundaries,
group segments, name topics, attached.
Okay, approach one is sliding window.
Split transcript into overlapping windows
of 10 to 15 turns or two to three minutes.
Okay, one is, yeah.
Okay, 10 to 15 times maybe, yeah,
that's what it is, multi-pass.
Multipass correct approach to embedding
plus clustering often better,
Yeah.
but I think I could share this chat
actually one sec.
You can.
Yeah.
Ohh.
Maybe share your screen.
Okay, wait, do you want me to just, yeah,
I can do.
One sec.
How can you guys see?
Yeah.
Yeah, we can see.
Huh, so, so one was this right,
which we said split transcript into
overlapping windows of 10 to 15 turns or
two to three minutes,
then approach to embedding plus
clustering chunk by.
Speaker turns, not by fixed time,
three to five consecutive turns per chunk,
embed each chunk. Yes, it's back in, I...
In.
I think your team was one minute,
like two bus. OK,
what's strong submission?
What do you want me to share like a bunch
of screenshots of the same,
or do you are you guys?
Ohh.
Perfect.
Yeah, share it.
Okay, yeah, give me one second,
I'll check. Okay,
Sure.
Yeah.
so otherwise this is what we're thinking
of, like one of these similar approaches.
Yeah.
Maybe we can try two to three of them by
taking some sample inputs and we decide
Okay, yeah, good idea. Yep,
we can do that.
what to use.
Yeah.
MUM.
OK.
So, okay, what if,
let's at least come up with what are the
potential issues we face in our project,
right?
One is definitely that, you know,
we can break that transcripts into
different, like, if you can think...
At least going into the next meeting, or..
.
Like whenever the next time it is that we
meet,
we can think about what potential
solutions or we can do a little bit of
research, right? If not,
assign anything to everyone today.
May not be this contents in larger
context.
Per.
Mhm.
OK, I've sent the screen,
so I'm also reading it,
just like we can probably take 5 minutes,
just read about this, and then we can.
Discuss.
See, I think.
One other thing that we can keep in mind
is, see, normally in a meeting,
you'd have people who have different
expertise, right? Like one person,
for the most part,
might talk about one topic, correct?
Maybe be giving an update about one topic,
maybe speaking a lot about the same topic.
But then...
See again,
like you may have two types of meetings
where everybody's like,
it's like a brainstorming session and
everybody's speaking about the same thing.
Then the topic would be only one, right?
But then when you start to have multiple
people speaking about different topics,
maybe we can try to note the speaker
change as like a change in topic or like.
at least a hint in that direction,
something like that.
Does that make sense?
I.
Yeah,
but ultimately the input is going to be
ours. We can deal with either case.
The worst case is everyone speaking.
We have different terms.
MUM.
Yeah, we should.
If everyone speaking about different talk,
oh, everyone speaking about now.
No, not different, yeah.
About the same topic, right? Yeah, same.
Uh,
maybe they can switch in between the
topics, right?
Okay, okay.
Like A brainstorming session would be
very hard for this one to take care of,
correct?
Where people are just throwing different
ideas together and it becomes hard to
track.
It is working for a multiple people
speaking conversation.
Okay.
Not a single speaker.
Okay.
Yeah.
Outlook.
To.
And also I think the first approach is
something we can try.
The sliding window and multiple parts.
Yeah, even I think so, right?
Refine boundaries in a second pass on the
Yeah.
merge points, it seems.
Yeah, and also in the third screenshot,
I think there is something called the
structured JSON format from the
transcript.
Correct, yeah.
Have you seen the the utterance ID and
the text on the speaker?
Ask for structured JSON, yes, yes.
Yep.
Yeah, yeah, I have worked on something,
means just cleaning the input.
Okay.
Yeah, whenever we get a R transcript,
it will convert into a structured JSON
containing the utterance ID, the speaker,
and the text.
So I think we can clean it like that.
And then we can,
Okay, so then, then...
and then we can try the first approach.
So we could, sorry, yeah. Okay,
so then our step one would be to convert
Nope.
the input to like a structured JSON,
right? And then...
Yeah.
Yes.
Just sliding.
Yeah, I think I'm okay with that.
What about the rest of me?
I think second would be better,
because we were also talking on the
knowledge liability thing that we are
also implementing that,
then that approach would be helpful to
implement that in the future.
Yeah,
I think after cleaning the input we can
try both of them.
Or we can start with trying the second
one as well.
Yeah.
Okay, so then let's at least, okay,
today we can keep,
let's at least get a rough idea of, no,
okay, this would be step one for us,
given a transcript, try to clean it up,
change it to the structured JSON format,
and then, again, approach one,
approach two,
we can finalise on such details, I think,
once we actually start to write the code.
Does is that OK? Like,
can we do we can come up with a plan
today, right?
Following again the same.
Flow that Sahil sent the other day.
Yeah, we can.
Okay.
Shah, see what's up?
Rishay, Rishay, you had taken some notes,
right? Where in the note yesterday?
Oh.
So.
Wait, uh, they weren't really like nodes,
just a few points.
So.
Some, some, you can say.
Did you try to cheque how the facilitator
is actually working and what all
shortcomings we have in that thing?
What have we mentioned?
Yeah, wait. So yesterday in the meeting,
he said, yeah, I think in the flow,
We mentioned something like it should
detect the intent. So if it,
we have to define what exactly intentions
are there. Like if it's like, okay,
we need to schedule a meeting or we want
to make a JIRA thing or make a ticket.
So like, we can't just accept everything,
any kind of intent or like action item we
have to like define.
Okay.
like a couple and then stick to that.
And yeah,
he said in Microsoft facilitator,
right now it doesn't,
it only takes like the transcript from
the meeting or like whatever,
but it doesn't,
if there's any like files or PPTs or
something shared in the chat, it can't.
use that. So he was like,
we should try to like use that as extra
context as well while making the
summaries and.
Meeting points, whatever, and.
Yeah,
and here's like when we're doing the
presentation,
we should show the like use case,
like we should take easy, medium,
and complex use cases and just show that
on the day of the presentation so that it
can show that it's handling any kind of
input.
It's not like only straightforward input
that's relatively easy to classify or
whatever.
Yeah, that's all I've written.
Ohh, one more thing.
I think I think it should be important,
like it's it's off topic,
it's not related to what he is.
I think any time or date or day or
something along the lines of two weeks,
two months is mentioned.
RLM should just note it down and the
timestamp,
and then you know grab information from
maybe like...
Five context, five turns before,
five turns after,
and try to figure out what date that is
for, and then so I mean,
if it's extremely crucial, you know,
you can add it to calendar if it's just a
discussion about, hey,
within the next two weeks,
let's try and complete this.
Maybe you don't have the calendar.
Yeah, I think that's a good idea.
Actually,
I think the dates have to be noted that
actually been written.
Yeah,
one more thing he mentioned was if there
are two meetings and if they have taken
some decisions about the work to complete
it before the next meeting,
and in the next meeting if they say the
work is completed,
he asked us to track like the work is
completed, we should track it.
But then our thing is only...
Oh,
so say something already exists on
somebody's calendar and then during the
meeting they discussed that that work has
Yeah.
been completed. Oh.
Yeah, you should be able to capture that,
and...
Change the status, yeah.
So then remove it off of everyone's
calendar who was part of that meeting or
like, dude, that's hard.
Yeah,
he mentioned it as one of the points, but.
..
Yeah.
That's hard, OK.
Yeah.
Okay, how would we do that?
Yeah.
I don't have any idea,
just he mentioned it,
so that's why I mentioned it.
See, the thing is, this...
And also, another thing is...
Ha, Delta.
I don't think it was like, okay.
Yeah.
Yeah, in the facilitator,
he told the action items will be captured,
but there is no attribution to who it was
assigned to. He told something like that.
So we can cheque on the pattern.
So but it is already there in the problem
statement. We must attribute the speaker.
Okay, sure, let's it.
Yeah.
Okay, so this adding to the calendar part,
right? Let's say two, three team meeting,
like not just one, let's say two,
three teams are in the same meeting.
Like maybe the AI team is on the meet
with, let's say,
a data and analytics team.
And then in the call,
they say for the AI team, you know,
we have a deadline for this within two
weeks or something like that.
Then...
I mean, bro,
this will need so much more access to be
able to add to calendar.
Like that's how are we planning to do
that?
Hey, by the way,
I sent something in the group, right?
So based on whatever little we had
discussed so far,
I gave that input to Lord,
and then I said, you know,
I gave the project statement also as well.
I gave Sahil, and I said, you know,
give us a skeleton for as to how we can
actually get started on the work and.
I don't think it's actually it seems
pretty good to have thread till phase
four.
If you guys can also take a look at it
once, we can at least decide, you know,
whether we want to follow this,
add some things, remove some things.
And then we can get a rough idea of at
least what we're going to do,
how we're going to approach it,
and then we can generally get started
pretty soon.
Hello?
Hello!
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, the plan looks good,
but I think we should start doing
something so that if we face any problems,
we can think what to do.
We have not started it.
So the plan is good. Okay.
Okay.
And, and also...
Oh,
so you want to start earlier so that we
don't face any problems going forward,
right?
Or else, if we face any problem,
we can think what to do next. If we,
if we just keep on planning, then yeah,
in the implementation,
Again, okay, okay, yeah.
maybe we can face some problems which do
not plan, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, fair enough, that's it.
Yeah,
so that's what I was just trying to get
out a rough skeleton or whatever to give
us an idea of how to start,
Yeah, that is good.
where to start. So, I mean,
if this is okay with you all,
MUM.
then maybe we can generally get started.
Again, today, tomorrow,
that we'll need to decide.
Yeah, and before that,
one thing we need to search how we can
inject the PDFs or something PPT and...
how we can process them because he
expected not only text but also PBTs and
PowerPoints and if the speakers mentioned
something from them he expected that it
would be it should be able to capture
those.
Hello!
Wait, can you repeat that?
Yeah,
he mentioned that if we upload any PDF or
PPT and if the speaker speaks something
based on that PDF.
So he told that that should be taken care
of.
Yeah.
Uh, I, yeah, my bad.
I could not hear what happened last one.
Yeah, you could not hear. OK, yeah,
I can repeat again.
Sorry, sorry, did you say hello it?
No, no, no, no problem. OK,
so what he mentioned was...
Don't take only text or raw transcript or
raw speaking.
Okay.
So if you take any file that is uploaded
during the meeting and if any speaker.
speaks based on the content in the PDF or
PBT,
Okay.
then we should be able to capture that.
So he's speaking based on that PDF.
Ohh.
And so he told something like that.
Food.
How would our,
how would we even get access?
Let's say some,
what does upload in a meeting mean?
Like he uploaded to that that Team chat
or something?
Yeah, during a meeting, we...
Yeah, yeah.
I don't think that's doable, dude.
It seems very difficult, no?
Also, do it once.
So how to do that?
MUM.
I'll ask, but that seems very difficult.
Okay.
Teacher.
Support.
The thing is for this to work specially,
right,
you'll need to have a lot more added
permissions. That's all I'm thinking like.
In implementation also,
you'll need to sync what is being said to
maybe information deciding in the files.
And unless someone explicitly mentions,
it's hard to make that connexion even for
humans, right? I don't know.
How are LLM is going to be able to do
that?
See,
I guess maybe he was trying to just guide
us, right?
Is it necessary that we implement
everything he said in the meeting?
It is not fully necessary,
but maybe implementing some of them might
Then he just gave it as a suggestion.
help.
He just gave it a suggestion like we can
tell him like we can schedule another
Yeah.
meeting and we can tell why this is
impossible or something.
Hey,
even I think he was probably just
suggesting how we can make our thing
better. And once we start also,
we'll probably get an idea,
like every time we implement a certain
part of this skeleton or the structure
we're trying to follow, you know,
we'll get obvious ideas like, hey,
you know, we could also do this,
maybe we could also do this,
we can see that this, something like that.
I think for now,
it's more important for us to get started.
I think like Vamsi said.
Are you guys there?
Yeah.
Mm.
So do we get started today or do we
procrastinate and start tomorrow?
We start today itself, I guess.
Okay,
so one other thing I was thinking about
just instead of splitting work randomly,
maybe we assign two guys or like we are
assigning work on the same phase so that
we can just complete phase by phase
rather than just completing and then
trying to put everything together.
I feel that will be very,
very haphazard at the end.
Yeah, integrating.
T.
All of those pieces would be hard.
Like if we...
MUM.
Yeah, yeah, so that's what,
sorry to speak.
Yeah, yeah, that one we like,
if we try to everyone works on a
different part and then in the end to
integrate everyone's thing,
it would be hard because the assumptions
are something.
Might it be different?
Okay, so...
Then, what do we start with?
Let's say we're gonna follow this plan
only,
then our phase one would ideally be to
ingest and normalise input to so input to
our structured JSON.
One sec, bye-bye.
Okay,
so how do we actually split the work?
How do we, like,
how do we actually get started?
So before that,
do you have any idea about how?
MUM.
We should provide the input, yeah. I mean,
should we search any data sets that
already contain some real world
transcripts?
I mean, wait,
Sahil had started the transcript of this
meeting only, right?
Would we be able to access that?
We should be able to access that, right?
Yeah.
This.
I had done that using that.
So, we can...
We can feed this as input, correct?
Can cheque how it's done.
Yeah, but for the initial time,
this is so long right for the moment.
Ha, okay, like that, maybe.
To test, we need something small.
Honestly, bro,
at that point we can just fake it, right?
We can just use AI to create some short
speech or some conversation between two
or three different people.
Decrease, describe,
decrease the transcript size,
Yeah.
split it into half, so long.
Yeah, we could do that.
OK, we can OK.
So.
Yeah, so I mean, anyways,
even though looking for data set up,
in fact, if we can...
We can look for how to test it or things
to test it with after we've actually
written this or written the code or at
least implemented something for this part
of the phase, right? Or this phase,
what is it?
Hey, honestly,
I think we we can take a little time,
right? Our submission is 27th, correct?
We can take a little time today,
we can do a little bit more research
about how we can get started on phase one.
Maybe tomorrow we can meet and we
generally split the work and get started
tomorrow. Is that okay?
Hello?
Yeah, works.
Okay, I also drop off.
But should we decide to meet time now,
or else it's hard to...
For tomorrow.
MUM.
Sure, I mean, I'm okay with anything.
Too late in the night,
I and around lunch is difficult.
If you guys want to do morning, I can,
we can do that. I want to say 8, 9.
I think morning would be better so that
like at least we can get started.
Like I feel like once we start,
then it's easier to like work on it.
But once so.
Okay, I mean, I'm okay with 830 or 9.
You guys let me know.
So I put a message in the group.
You guys just either respond or say yes,
no, say, you know,
maybe this time and say something,
at least if we start talking, maybe some,
you know, we can get a response from this.
Yeah.
Okay, fine then. Bye.
MUM.
Bye.
Go.
Support.